README.TXT

USER: AEKRATMAN
COURSE: CS_3403

WELCOME! HELLO, WORLD!



Stakeholders should know that our work is valuable because we have cited sources and provided a clear path forward with the "what can I do" section. 
We have given multiple ways to get involved (speaking to politicians and other community members) in the fight to keep the web our own. We have also been careful to provide documentation on our work through this file and our papers, where we discuss our research at length. At all times, I believe it is clear that this project was made with both passion and care, along with being carefully researched with multiple steps to show ways forward

Our website also gives validation to the frustration of trudging through these documents. Even if users are already reading a large ToS document-- which many do not in the first place-- they can nonetheless still benefit from this site because it clarifies the ways these documents can harmfully effect them. This site clarifies that not only are these documents frustrating, but they also hold real effects for you and your privacy, beyond the theoretical idea of data being taken that most people hold in their minds.


Summary:
We could find no other site which has worked to give context to terms of service in the way that we have. We have brought a new concept into the web-- an accessible site which helps people understand exactly what Terms of Service are for and how their unethical attempts to bore people out of understanding their privacy can be combatted!

Overall, our site is bent towards understanding rather than pushing any paticular politic; this, I think, makes it valuable in such a diverse student body, and focuses on the moral outcomes and understanding of existing together as non-corporate entities in a digital space. 

SCENARIO: "A year from now, someone in the world finds your project artifact and asks you questions about it since they work on a similar topic. How would you respond?"
If another student, for example, approached us on our project, we would explain to them the importance of knowing that the point of Terms of Service are not to be understood-- instead, they focus on confusing their user in an attempt to make them just click the button and move on. I would focus on the importance of teaching the general public about privacy, and making sure that the public is aware that they have the power to protect themselves online.
